release: v1.55.0 (#6023)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_bryn_fix_gauges.md

> ### Gauges stop working after hot reload ([PR #5996](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5996), [PR #5999](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5999), [PR #5999](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/6012))
> 
> When the router reloads the schema or config, some gauges stopped working. These were:
> * `apollo.router.cache.storage.estimated_size`
> * `apollo_router_cache_size`
> * `apollo.router.v8.heap.used`
> * `apollo.router.v8.heap.total`
> * `apollo.router.query_planning.queued`
> 
> The gauges will now continue to function after a router hot reload. 
> 
> As a result of this change, introspection queries will now share the same cache even when query planner pooling is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fix stopped gauges upon hot reload ([PR #5996](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5996), [PR #5999](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5999), [PR #5999](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/6012))

Previously when the router hot-reloaded a schema or a configuration file, the following gauges stopped working:

* `apollo.router.cache.storage.estimated_size`
* `apollo_router_cache_size`
* `apollo.router.v8.heap.used`
* `apollo.router.v8.heap.total`
* `apollo.router.query_planning.queued`

This issue has been fixed in this release, and the gauges now continue to function after a router hot-reloads. 
```
